https://www.facebook.com/page_guidelines.php

Date of Last Revision: July 14, 2014

Facebook Pages Terms
The following terms, as well as our Data Use Policy and Statement of Rights and Responsibilities, apply to all Pages on Facebook. Additionally, all content on Pages must comply with our Community Standards. You are responsible for ensuring that your Page complies with all applicable laws, statutes, and regulations.
I.    General
A.    A Page for a brand, entity (place or organization), or public figure may be administered only by an authorized representative of that brand, entity (place or organization) or public figure (an “official Page”).
B.    Any user may create a Page to express support for or interest in a brand, entity (place or organization), or public figure, provided that it does not mislead others into thinking it is an official Page, or violate someone's rights. If your Page is not the official Page of a brand, entity (place or organization) or public figure, you must:
i.    not speak in the voice of, or post content as though it was coming from, the authorized representative of the Page’s subject matter; and
ii.    make clear that the Page is not the official Page of the brand, entity (place or organization) or public figure.
C.    Content posted to a Page is public and viewable by everyone who can see the Page.
D.    You are required to restrict access to Pages (through our gating functionality) as necessary to comply with applicable laws and Facebook policies, including our Community Standards.
E.    You may not establish terms for your Page that conflict with our Statement of Rights and Responsibilities, Data Use Policy or these terms.
II.    Page Management
A.    Page Names and Facebook Web Addresses
Page names and Facebook Web Addresses must accurately reflect Page content. We may remove administrative rights or require you to change the Page name and Facebook Web Address for any Page that fails to meet this requirement.
Page names must:
i.    not consist solely of generic terms (e.g., “beer” or “pizza”);
ii.    use proper, grammatically correct capitalization and may not include all capitals, except for acronyms;
iii.    not include character symbols, such as excessive punctuation and trademark designations;
iv.    not include superfluous descriptions or unnecessary qualifiers;
v.    not mislead others into thinking it is an official Page of the Page’s subject matter or is authorized by an authorized representative of the Page’s subject matter; and
vi.    not violate someone’s rights.
B.    Name Changes and Migrations
We will only process name changes and migrations that do not result in a misleading or unintended connection. For example, we will allow local to global migrations, such as “Facebook France” to “Facebook”, but will not allow global to local migrations, or location to location migrations, such as “Facebook France” to “Facebook Russia”. Additionally, you may not request a name change or migration that would result in re-categorizing a product Page to a brand Page, a generic or opinion Page to a brand Page, or a Group to a Page. All migrations are at our discretion and are final.
C.    Collection of Data
If you collect content and information directly from users, you will make it clear that you (and not Facebook) are collecting it, and you will provide notice about and obtain user consent for your use of the content and information that you collect. Regardless of how you obtain content and information from users, you are responsible for securing all necessary permissions to reuse their content and information.
You will not collect users' content or information, or otherwise access Facebook, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our permission.
Any data you obtain from us must comply with Section 3 of our Facebook Platform Policies.
D.    Tagging
You must not inaccurately tag content or encourage users to inaccurately tag content (ex: don’t encourage people to tag themselves in photos if they aren’t in the photo).
III.    Page Features
A.    Advertising on Pages
Third-party advertisements on Pages are prohibited, without our prior permission.
B.    Cover
All covers are public. This means that anyone who visits your Page will be able to see your cover. Covers can't be deceptive, misleading, or infringe on anyone else's copyright. You may not encourage people to upload your cover to their personal timelines.
C.    Applications on Pages
Apps on your Page must comply with the Facebook Platform Policies.
D.    Offers
If you create an offer using Facebook’s offer creation tool, the following policies apply:
i.    Facebook offers must be available for a limited time.
ii.    You may only run an offer if you are the merchant for or the manufacturer of the product or service you are promoting.
iii.    You must clearly and prominently disclose any restrictions on your offer (such as expiration date or limitations on redemption).
iv.    You are solely responsible for improper redemption, fraud, disputes or other issues that arise from the distribution and/or redemption of your offer.
v.    If your offer may be redeemed at a merchant not operated by you, it is your sole responsibility to communicate with the merchant and ensure they honor your offer.
vi.    You must only use the offer creation tool for its intended functionality and not to promote your website or other contact information, or to offer the equivalent of a gift card, gift certificate or stored value card.
vii.    You are responsible for ensuring that your offer complies with these terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Offers are subject to many regulations (such as alcohol discounts and offers marketed to minors) and if you are not certain that your offer complies with applicable law, consult with an expert.
E.    Promotions
1. If you use Facebook to communicate or administer a promotion (ex: a contest or sweepstakes), you are responsible for the lawful operation of that promotion, including:
a.   The official rules;
b.   Offer terms and eligibility requirements (ex: age and residency restrictions); and
c.   Compliance with applicable rules and regulations governing the promotion and all prizes offered (ex: registration and obtaining necessary regulatory approvals)
2. Promotions on Facebook must include the following:
a.   A complete release of Facebook by each entrant or participant.
b.   Acknowledgement that the promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.
3. Promotions may be administered on Pages or within apps on Facebook. Personal Timelines must not be used to administer promotions (ex: “share on your Timeline to enter” or “share on your friend's Timeline to get additional entries” is not permitted).
4. We will not assist you in the administration of your promotion, and you agree that if you use our service to administer your promotion, you do so at your own risk.
IV.    Page Content
A.    Pages promoting the private sale of regulated goods or services (including firearms, alcohol, tobacco, or adult products) must restrict access to a minimum age of 18.
B.    Pages that promote or facilitate online gambling, games of skill or lotteries, including online casino, sports books, bingo, or poker, are only allowed in specific countries with prior authorization from Facebook.
C.    Pages must not promote the sale of prescription pharmaceuticals. Pages for online pharmacies may be permitted with prior approval from Facebook.
D.    Pages must not contain false, misleading, fraudulent, or deceptive claims or content.
